Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and
does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of
Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or
other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related
information available on an "as-is" basis. Creative Commons gives no
warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their
terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons
disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the
fullest extent possible.

=======================================================================

License

The Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-commercial, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive license to use,
reproduce, distribute, display, perform, and create derivative works
of the Work solely for personal, non-commercial use or for internal
circulation within an organization, provided that attribution is given
to the Licensor as the original creator and the license terms are not
violated.

You may not exercise any rights under this License in a manner that is
primarily intended for or directed toward commercial advantage or
private monetary compensation. The exchange of the Work for other
copyrighted works by means of digital file-sharing or otherwise shall
not be considered to be intended for or directed toward commercial
advantage or private monetary compensation, provided there is no
payment of any monetary compensation in connection with the exchange
of copyrighted works.

You may not alter, transform, or build upon the Work, except for
personal, non-commercial use or for internal circulation within an
organization.

Any permitted use under this License is subject to the following
terms:

     - Attribution: You must give appropriate credit to the Licensor
       as the original creator, provide a link to the license, and
       indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable
       manner, but not in any way that suggests the Licensor endorses
       You or Your use.

     - NonCommercial: You may not use the Work for commercial
       purposes.

     - NoDerivatives: If You remix, transform, or build upon the
       Work, You may not distribute the modified material.

=======================================================================

Contact Information:

Email: vladwhiteinbox@outlook.com